(0) We performed a SQL injection on the admin login page, putting “' or ' 1=1” for both username and password.
(1.1) 33115BE511(1.2) The flaw in WEP is the implementation of IVs. The IVs are too short and because of the amount of traffic usually present on wireless networks, there is bound to be a repeat. Thus, this breaks the rule of never reusing keys. An attacker can collect packets and use them and the fact that there will be an IV collision to decrypt the entire packet and obtain the WEP key.(1.3) We used Mac OS X built-in “Wireless Diagnostic” for the first two steps in this part. First, we used their “Scan” tool to scan for all of the local networks in the area; we saw that the network “pear-corp” was Channel 11 and had width 20 MHz. With this information, we were able to use their “Sniffer” tool to generate a .wcap file of packets intercepted on the network over a period of about two minutes. Finally, we input this file to aircrack-ng and it output the network key.
(2) The maximum jail time for intercepting WiFi traffic without permission is 5 years.
(3.1) We looked at our nmap output from the previous step and identified host 10.3.31.237 as the likely mail server based on the fact that it had smtp and smtps ports open. We then ran “telnet 10.3.31.237 25” to connect to the server and constructed an email by specifying the fields of the header. To obtain an authorization token, we knew we needed to send an email with the “RCPT TO” and “To” fields set to the support email (guessed to be support@pear.software), the “MAIL FROM” and “From” fields set to the CEO’s email (seen on WireShark as ceo@pear.software), and the “Reply-To” field set to our personal email address so that support would actually send the token to us when replying to the email that looked like it was from the CEO.(3.2) A savvy tech support employee would check the headers of received emails before regarding them as authentic. By inspecting the header, they would have noticed that, first, the “Reply-To” was an unrecognized address and also that the IP address of the sender did not match the IP address of previous emails from the CEO. By maintaining an directory of IP addresses of employees, they could easily see if the sender’s IP was indeed the one listed for the CEO.(5) One easy way to prevent brute force password attempts is setting a limit on the number of password attempts. This helps when an attacker can break two-factor authorization, just as we did in this project. Another way is to pick better passwords. One should avoid dictionary words and should use long passwords. The best way to do this is to have a password manager that will generate and remember random secure passwords.
(6.1) A code signing certificate is used to digitally sign software. It provides both an integrity check to ensure that the signed program has not been tampered with and a source authenticity check to ensure that the distributors of the signed program are in fact who they say they are.(6.2) First, used password from Part 5 to log into the secure server as the CEO (username “ceo”). We did “SHOW-PASSWORDS” to get the username and password for the repo. Then we looked at the nmap to find ssh ports in an attempt to locate the repo; we tried to ssh into those hosts using the username we found before. The command that worked was “ssh -l git 10.3.31.243”. We entered the password from before and saw that there was a .git file called “pearOS.git”. We then cloned the git repo using “git clone git@10.3.31.243/pearOS.git”. Finally, following the instructions in the README, we were able to generate and sign our own certificate with their private signing key.
(6.3) The CIA now has a way to sign programs in a way that makes them seem like they’re authentically from Pear and thus will be accepted if installed on Pear products. Our correspondent will be able to design custom software to further their investigation (e.g. something that forwards a report of all traffic to a CIA email), sign them using the certificate, and then install them on Pear products without raising red flags.(6.4) The security of a code-signing certificate depends on the security of the private signing key. If the private key is compromised, anyone who gains access to the key will have the ability to produce certificates that will be accepted by others as valid. In the case of this assignment, the key was included in a text file in the same directory as the certificate. One could instead store the certificate and key in separate locations. One could also use encryption to further protect the key from being compromised. (6.5) We would face one count of intentionally accessing a computer without authorization and thereby obtaining information from any protected computer. This count would result in a max of 10 years in prison if we have been convicted of a similar crime prior. We would also face a count of knowingly and with intent to defraud, accessing a protected computer without authorization and by means of such conduct furthering the intended fraud and obtaining anything of value. This would result in a max of 10 years in prison if we have been convicted of a similar crime prior.